Title: Disclaimer
Slug: disclaimer
Lang: en
order: 10
status: hidden
footer: True
save_as: disclaimer.html
url: publications.html
modified: 2021.12.23

This is a personal blog. Any views or opinions represented in this blog are
personal and belong solely to the blog owner and do not represent those of
people, institutions or organizations that the owner may or may not be
associated with in professional or personal capacity, unless explicitly stated.
Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group,
club, organization, company, or individual.

All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only. The owner
of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any
information on this site or found by following any link on this site. The owner
will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the
availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses,
injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.

The blog owner does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any user
generated content, data, advertising, products, goods or services available or
unavailable from, or through this blog. The statements, information and
opinions contained in any comments, advertising, or otherwiser content
generated by other indivuals other than the blog owner are solely their opinion
and do not reflect the opinion of the blog owner nor any of those of people,
institutions or organizations that the owner may or may not be associated with
in professional or personal capacity, unless explicitly stated

This policy is subject to change at anytime.